Here are some top "Theme designed for specific modfiles" moments that might need attention while theming:

1. hardcore will never die / 909 (rebane2001) - This file uses a shader called "crack.frag", which somehow shits a bunch of red pixels all over
the screen if your ScreenStage background has any 3D models in it. And guess what, if you don't have ScreenStage background in your theme files,
it will use the default one which has a 3D arrow. Luckily, just making your ScreenStage background be 2D or hiding the 3D models after the
ScreenStage's duration seems to solve the issue.

2. Ripples (DivineElegy's 3rd Annual Gimmick Competition) - The file's main gimmick only works properly when your LifeP1 and LifeP2 at
ScreenGameplay has zorder,-1. Easy to comply, well unless you use some custom masking effects for your lifebar then r.i.p.

3. SRT9 - Dying Breath of Stokesia (UKSRT9) - There's a section where it directly uses the theme's score and judgment elements as notes. Judgment
is mostly fine, the problem is the score which a lot of themes like to modify. In order for it to be readable as notes:
-The score elements should not be hidden and its font must not be blank. You can move it offscreen if necessary, the modfile will alter the X and
Y coordinates for its own use.
-The font that the score elements use should not have a Baseline too high or too low, which makes it fail to center in the modfile. Best to set
it somewhere around 0 to 30.
Later updates of this modfile will apply a multiplier on the current zoom instead of a flat zoom value, so you don't need to bother with the zoom.

HONORABLE MENTIONS:
1. Time to beat the odds (NotITG Collabs) - If your ScreenGameplay has any elements that utilize 3D models and masks, you might need to use
clearzbuffer. Otherwise you might see some noticeable weird effects in this modfile.
2. Mod Jam Kusoge's lobby, Fourth Genesis' lab, or any modfile that really likes to make changes to your profile - If your theme also makes
changes to the profile frequently, something like SplatMania's coin system, it might cause an AV when combined with these files.
